Audiobooks Green (for audiobookshelf)

The application is free.

This is a client for your own audiobookshelf audiobook server (https://www.audiobookshelf.org/)
The audiobookshelf server must be accessible via the Internet on port 443 and have a valid certificate. The application does not work within a local network because it uses an intermediate (proxy) server that sends requests to your audiobookshelf server.
The intermediate (proxy) server is required because:
1. The functionality of the network stack on Garmin devices is extremely limited. It is impossible to implement some functions, such as synchronization of listening progress.
2. The audiobookshelf API returns data packets that are too large to be processed on the watch. The intermediate (proxy) server removes unnecessary information and, if necessary, splits the response into fragments.
I do not save any information about users, devices and servers using the intermediate (proxy) server. Some technical information may be stored in logs, which are automatically cleared as new information accumulates.

If you do not agree with this, do not use this application.

Getting started:
1. On your audiobookshelf server, you need to create a playlist and fill it with books.
2. On your Garmin device (or Сonnect IQ), enter the server address in the authorization menu (the address must begin with https://)
3. On your Garmin device (or Сonnect IQ), select one of the following options:
3.1. Enter your username and password, then the API token will be received from the server automatically.
3.2. Enter the API token directly in the application (only via Connect IQ). In this case, you do not need to enter your username and password. The API token can be seen in the user settings on the audiobookshelf server
4. On your Garmin device, use the "Servers playlist" menu item to select the playlist you created in step 1.
5. Perform a full synchronization
6. Add books to the playlist on your Garmin device and start listening

Troubleshooting:
You can use the logging system to troubleshoot problems. To do this, select the desired logging level (other than SILENCE) in the settings menu.
Logs can be obtained in two ways.
1. From a text file on your device. To do this, create a text file on your device as described at https://developer.garmin.com/connect-iq/core-topics/debugging/ in the Basic Debugging section.
2. Receive logs via Telegram from the AbookFunnyHelper bot (https://t.me/AbookFunnyHelperBot). To do this, enable debugging via Telegram in the settings menu. Get your ID from the AbookFunnyHelper bot (/start command). Enter your ID in the settings menu.

Remember that the bot cannot initiate messages with users. If you want to receive messages from the bot, you need to send it a message (the /start command works). If you have blocked a bot, you will need to message it to use it again.